Add links to Redocly for sign-in, sign-out, and error pages. (#3763)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/brands/index.md

}
```

## Sign-in page operations

> Please see the [sign-in page API documentation](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/Customization/#tag/Customization/operation/getSignInPage) on the new beta reference site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Customized Sign-in Page API reference](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/Customization/#tag/Customization/operation/getSignInPage) on the new beta reference site.
```

## Sign-out page operations

> Please see the [sign-out page API documentation](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/Customization/#tag/Customization/operation/getSignOutPageSettings) on the new beta reference site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Customized Sign-out Page API reference](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/Customization/#tag/Customization/operation/getSignOutPageSettings) on the new beta reference site.
```

## Error page operations

> Please see the [error page API documentation](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/Customization/#tag/Customization/operation/getErrorPage) on the new beta reference site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Customized Error Page API reference](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/Customization/#tag/Customization/operation/getErrorPage) on the new beta reference site.
```
